First draft for EKS addon installation guide (#19482)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/distributions.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

> In EKS cluster Operator can be installed using [Helm][5] or [EKS Add-on][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an EKS cluster, you can install the Operator using [Helm][5] or as an [EKS add-on][6]
```

> The configuration below is meant to work with either setup, when the Agent is installed in the same namespace as the Datadog Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration below is meant to work with either setup (Helm or EKS add-on) when the Agent is installed in the same namespace as the Datadog Operator.
```
